second round is Lina which probably
isn't doesn't benefit either side and
would runner I definitely think are easy
plays more s4 again I think of it more
as a tempo control or rather than a lane
Dominator and our TZ is more Lane
dominar Lane Dominator than a like
controller rtz with an interesting
blocky let's the range creep a different
doesn't even try to block this range
creep and this range creeps way out in
front will instantly die interesting
choice let's get last hit there by the
s4 on the right hand side so what's kind
of looking at winter naver's Windrunner
what are like the big keys here are you
looking like max power shot and just
spam Allen and farm or are there other
none of your tricks to this one 31 is a
standard build if you want to towerdive
you just have to have at least one level
would run and you can often bully people
out if they make the slightest mistake
and of course the landing shackles is
gonna be heavily important if this game
lasts longer than five or six minutes
sometimes you can go with a surprise
surprise kill if you have like a little
bit of higher but one room because they
won't expect that but it also depends on
which side here I think that radiant
actually has a slight disadvantage in
this matchup because you're closer to
the trees much more likely to get shot
yes if you're in the back for you more
likely to run into a shackle shot there
but other things I'm looking at looking
at the the other build focus fire do you
think you should be looking to get that
at level 6 it's 75 minor costs now at
level 1 is it worthwhile or is it still
uh not quite
I don't think so you shackle is just
really important to have it gives you a
lot more uptime and a majority of your
damage will be from power shot early
because you can just win running up they
focus fire not a big deal yes full with
a nice little power shot lasted there
from afar so he's staying on top of the
CS for now 8 CS - 6 CS both plays with 2
denies and make it 9 so it's full with
an early lead here as far as last hits
goes and looking to power shot from
trees
sneaky play they just trying to spend
the power up just for harass they're
like he wasn't even going for a last hit
but being very liberal with his mana so
far in terms of the starting bill both
of them going for a no talisman in to
try branch and you're not really at risk
of dying very very
really not like a cop on quat match up
with booze first like we saw earlier in
the day there is still a room that's
been sitting there for about 20 seconds
please want to rush that bottles for now
mmm like even just going to scout that
rune out is potential loss CS or lost in
Aizen much even on CS not learnt
yesterday art is he going for his other
build that he's going for a double no
talisman skipping over the bottle okay
but he can get bullied out he only has
two more tangos which is not even enough
to fill his up age fill his HP up right
now and he take another power shot to so
he is 500 HP deficit that's the thing he
gets these two nail talismans out but
with his current HP s to play safe I
mean you don't really want to be playing
safe when you've got to null sources
once oh yeah what says yeah he brings
out the south he wants to heal up ASAP
he's actually a boundless with win run
forces that's for to do the same he's
going hi Graham how shocked could be the
first one he doesn't get the right click
off goes to the pouch and instead
doesn't find it and bottle arrives to
heal up s4 he's gonna turn him pouch of
that TZ probably see an instant wall
just not to pop up crow if he finds the
room oh that's for actually one for the
0 to 2 bill so this is stronger I'd say
in between 5 through 7 4 through 7
actually oh he actually might go for the
kill right here at ez trying to bait him
in a last-second win run and now he has
a self let's see if he drops his null
talismans prior to self and no it's not
even the clarity he's still not gonna be
top - ok well he actually did bring
another set of tangos but I mean that's
a lot of region already spent that's
what over like 275 gold right there
and that's not quite half a bottle but
it's still pretty close look at the net
worth difference it's like a 300 net
worth difference even though there's one
CS between them very small they regen
items why haven't either don't check the
room I think the ddu is pretty
significant yes for like discount the
top rune as well you and you have to go
like half way there it takes you like 5
seconds total they're just in daytime
people yeah now that's night it's tricky
so he'll bring you a spoiler back out
that's four could buy some observe ones
help them out especially now that it's
nighttime having the observer would see
view the high ground the uphill vision
in the mid lane can help out a lot as
well but haven't seen it just yet from
either
and our TC has done a much better job of
managing his mana but he doesn't have
the luxury of having a bottle to heal
his mana pool back up and RTC does have
more damage though 81 compared to 72 of
s4 and actually both of them going for
the 0-3 to build okay so no shackleshot
play it's one of those things where if
you're expecting a long match you
probably want to try have match
shackleshot like around level 9 level 10
but they probably both thinking it's not
gonna last that long if you can get a
kill before then so s4 himself going for
a second null talisman who says you can
final tally so can I
that's easy with the HP advantage is
their trading history in the mid lane
powershot goes 3 that gets our TZ Lowe
he's gonna go for pound shop and misses
it though an s4 gonna turn around as a
power cut in 3 seconds you're gonna go
for this win runt is available for RTC
but he only has one or the other he gets
hit by this one more right-click could
be coming in soon as easy as winner and
he's gonna go for this s4 is in trouble
he making up first Bloods gonna fall in
between red clicks he can't do it though
first blood are teasing at level 3 win
run owned owned right now that 4.25
second duration and that's why you're
the winner and I guess tripled motels
gives them all the money he needs the
extra HP like the mill town I think of
s4 with a little more vigilant about
checking it like there's not a great
point in getting bottle if you're not
actually going to check the rooms and
especially when the other guys not
checking you should have that venue of
it